Compatibility Dates API (#5810)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/_partials/_platform-compatibility-dates/minimal-subrequests.md

---
_build:
  publishResources: false
  render: never
  list: never

name: "Minimal subrequests"
date: "2022-04-05"
enable_date: "2022-04-05"
enable_flag: "minimal_subrequests"
disable_flag: "no_minimal_subrequests"
---

> With the `minimal_subrequests` flag set, `fetch()` subrequests sent to endpoints on the Worker's own zone (also called same-zone subrequests) have a reduced set of features applied to them. In general, these features should not have been applied to same-zone subrequests in the first place, and very few user-facing behavior changes are anticipated. Specifically, Workers might observe the following behavior changes with the new flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `minimal_subrequests` flag set, `fetch()` subrequests sent to endpoints on the Worker's own zone (also called same-zone subrequests) have a reduced set of features applied to them. In general, these features should not have been initially applied to same-zone subrequests, and very few user-facing behavior changes are anticipated. Specifically, Workers might observe the following behavior changes with the new flag:
```
